[AWS Fargate] Update documentation (#9130)
elastic/integrations: packages/awsfargate/_dev/build/docs/README.md

# AWS Fargate Integration

## Overview

> The AWS Fargate integration helps to retrieve metadata, network metrics, and Docker stats about your containers and the tasks that are a part of an [Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS)](https://aws.amazon.com/ecs/?pg=ln&sec=hiw) cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The AWS Fargate integration helps to retrieve metadata, network metrics, and Docker stats about your containers and the tasks that are part of an [Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS)](https://aws.amazon.com/ecs/?pg=ln&sec=hiw) cluster.
```

          Image: <application-container-image>
          <application-container-settings>
        - Name: elastic-agent-container              << ===== Elastic Agent container
          Image: docker.elastic.co/beats/elastic-agent:8.12.0
```

The Elastic Agent collects metrics using the [Amazon ECS task metadata endpoint](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/userguide/task-metadata-endpoint-fargate.html).

The Amazon ECS task metadata endpoint is an HTTP endpoint available to each container and enabled by default on [AWS Fargate platform version 1.4.0](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/containers/aws-fargate-launches-platform-version-1-4/) and later. The Elastic Agent uses [Task metadata endpoint version 4](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/userguide/task-metadata-endpoint-v4-fargate.html).

> ## Getting Started using the AWS web console

Reviewer: ```
## Getting Started using the AWS web console
```

Isn't "AWS Management Console" is better than "AWS web console"?

Example: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/awsconsolehelpdocs/latest/gsg/learn-whats-new.html#console-device

If you are making this change, please replace all other usages "AWS web console".

Author: Definitely better, thank you!

This section shows you how to run the Elastic Agent in a ECS cluster, start collecting Fargate on ECS metrics, and send them to an Elastic Stack.

> Follow these steps for a fast deployment on your existing ECS cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To quickly deploy on your existing ECS cluster, follow these steps.
```

Reviewer: nitpick: The usage of "fast" seems inappropriate. That's why I suggested the change.

As for the container, you can use the following values:

- Container name: `elastic-agent-container`
- Image: `docker.elastic.co/beats/elastic-agent:8.12.0`
- Environment variables:
  - FLEET_ENROLL: `yes`
  - FLEET_ENROLLMENT_TOKEN: `<enrollment-token>`
  - FLEET_URL: `<fleet-server-url>`
  
Tip: use the AWS Secrets Manager to store the Fleet Server enrollment token.

### Service

Select an existing ECS cluster and create a new service with launch type "FARGATE". Use the task definition we just created.

As soon as the Elastic Agent is started, open the dashboard "\[AWS Fargate\] Fargate Overview" and you will see the metrics show up in few minutes.

> ## Getting Started using the AWS CLI

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Getting started using the AWS CLI
```
